Wang Miao felt that the four people who came to him were a strange combination: two policemen and two soldiers. It would be normal if the two soldiers were armed police, but these were two army officers. Wang Miao did not like the policeman who came to him at first glance. Actually the young man in the police uniform was okay and behaved very politely, but the plainclothes man was annoying. This man was tall and thick, with a fleshy face, wearing a dirty leather jacket, smelled like cigarettes, and spoke in a rough voice. He was the type of person that Wang Miao disliked the most. "Wang Miao?" the man asked. Calling him by his first name made Wang Miao very uncomfortable. Moreover, the man was still lighting a cigarette at the same time without raising his head. Before Wang Miao could answer, he motioned to the young man next to him. The latter showed Wang Miao his police officer's card, and after he finished lighting his cigarette, he went straight into the house. "Please don't smoke in my house." Wang Miao stopped him. "Oh, I'm sorry, Professor Wang. This is our Captain Shi Qiang." The young police officer said with a smile, and at the same time winked at Shi. "Success, then let's talk in the corridor." Shi Qiang said, taking a deep breath, the cigarette in his hand was almost half burnt, and he didn't see any smoke after that. "You ask." He turned his head again to the young police officer. "Professor Wang, we want to know. Recently, you have had contact with members of the 'Science Frontiers' society, right?" "'Science Frontiers' is an academic organization with great influence in the international academic community. Scholars. Why can¡¯t I contact such a legitimate academic organization?¡± ¡°Look at you!¡± Shi Qiang said loudly, ¡°Did we say it¡¯s illegal? Did we say we won¡¯t allow you to contact it? As he spoke, all the smoke he inhaled just now sprayed on Wang Miao's face. "Well, this is personal privacy. I don't need to answer your questions." "It's all private. A famous scholar like you should be responsible for public safety." Shi Qiang threw away the cigarette butt in his hand , and pulled out another cigarette from the flattened cigarette case. "I have the right not to answer, please go ahead." Wang Miao said and turned to go back to the room. "Wait!" Shi Qiang said sharply, and at the same time waved his hand at the young police officer next to him, "Give him the address and phone number, and go for a walk in the afternoon." "What are you going to do!" Wang Miao asked angrily. Neighbors poked their heads out, too, to see what was going on. "Team Shi! You say you¡ª" The young police officer pulled Shi Qiang aside angrily. Obviously, Wang Miao was not the only one who was uncomfortable with his vulgarity. 1 "Professor Wang, please don't get me wrong." A major officer hurried forward, "There is an important meeting in the afternoon, and several scholars and experts will be invited to attend. The chief asked us to invite you." "I'm very busy this afternoon." " We know this, the chief has already greeted the leaders of the Superconducting Center. This meeting cannot be without you, if it is impossible, we have to postpone the meeting to wait for you.¡± Shi Qiang and his colleagues did not speak anymore, turned and went downstairs , the two officers watched them walk away, and seemed to let out a sigh of relief. "Why is this man like this?" the major whispered to his colleagues. "He has a lot of bad deeds. In a hostage-taking incident a few years ago, he acted without regard to the life and death of the hostages. As a result, a family of three died at the hands of criminals; Last year, they conducted torture to extract a confession and disabled a suspect, so he was suspended..." "How can such a person enter the combat center?" , the restrictions on him are very strict, except for public security affairs, he is almost not allowed to know anything.¡± 1 Combat Center? what is that? Wang Miao looked at the two officers in front of him in puzzlement. The car that picked up Wang Miao drove into a compound in the outskirts of the city. From the gate with only the house number but no unit name plate, Wang Miao knew that this was the territory of the military, not the police. The meeting was held in a hall, and Wang Miao was quite surprised by the chaos as soon as he entered. Around the hall is a circle of randomly placed computer equipment. Some tables are placed on the floor if they cannot fit on the table. Wires and network cables are entangled and scattered on the ground; a large stack of network switches is not installed in the rack, but piled up on the server. ; There are several large screens of projectors standing randomly at different angles in the corner of the hall, like a gypsy tent; the smoke floats in mid-air like morning fog... Wang Miao wonders if this is the one The combat center mentioned by a military officer, he can be sure of one thing: the things being dealt with here have already made people forget about other things. The impromptu meeting table was also full of documents and sundries. Most of the participants looked tired, their clothes were wrinkled, and those with ties were torn apart, as if they had stayed up all night. The meeting was chaired by a major general named Chang Weisi, and half of the participants were soldiers. After a brief introduction, he knew that there were still a small number of police officers, and the others were experts and scholars who attended the meeting like him, and some of them were well-known scientists who studied basic science. What surprised him was that there were four foreigners whose identities surprised him: two of them were also soldiers, namely a colonel in the U.S. Air Force and a colonel in the British Army, and their positions were NATO liaison officers; A CIA officer, what is the role of an observer here. 1 From everyone's faces, Wang Miao read a sentence: We have tried our best, let's fucking end it! When Wang Miao saw Shi Qiang, he greeted Wang Miao contrary to yesterday's rudeness, but that silly smile made Wang Miao unhappy. He didn't want to sit next to Shi Qiang, but there was only one vacant seat, so he had no choice but to sit there. The already strong smell of cigarettes in the room became even heavier. 1 When distributing the documents, Shi Qiang approached Wang Miao and said, "Professor Wang, you seem to be researching... new materials?" "Nanomaterials." Wang Miao replied simply. "I've heard that it's very powerful, so it won't be used for crimes, right?" From Shi Qiang's half-joking expression, Wang Miao couldn't tell if he was joking. "What do you mean?" "Heh, I heard that that thing is as thick as a hair can lift a large truck, and if criminals steal some to make a knife, that knife can cut a car in half Right." "Hmph, you don't need to make a knife at all, use that kind of material to make a thread that is only one percent as thick as a human hair, and if you stop it on the road, you can cut the passing cars in half like cutting cheese... What can't be used for crimes? A knife for scraping fish scales can do it!" 2 Shi Qiang took half of the documents in front of him out of his pocket and stuffed them back, apparently losing interest. "You're right, fish can commit crimes! I did a murder case where a bitch cut off her husband's. Know what? Tilapia from the freezer! The fish was frozen hard Finally, the row of thorns on the back is like a sharp knife..." 1 "I'm not interested, why, this is what I came to the meeting for?" "Fish? Nanomaterials? No, no, nothing like those It's okay." Shi Qiang put his mouth next to Wang Miao's ear, "Don't give these guys a good face, they discriminate against us, they only want to get information from us, but they don't tell us anything. For many months, I still don¡¯t know anything like you.¡± ¡°Comrades, the meeting begins.¡± General Chang Weisi said, ¡°In all theaters around the world, our place is now the focus. First, let¡¯s introduce the current situation to the comrades attending the meeting. The unusual term "war zone" confused Wang Miao, and he also noticed that the chief didn't seem to intend to introduce the ins and outs to a newcomer like him, which confirmed Shi Qiang's words. In General Chang's short opening remarks, he mentioned "comrades" twice. Wang Miao looked at the two NATO soldiers and two CIA officials opposite him, and felt that the general seemed to have missed "gentlemen". "They are also comrades, that's what people here call them anyway." Shi Qiang said to Wang Miao in a low voice, and at the same time pointed at the four foreigners with a cigarette in his hand. While being puzzled, Wang Miao was impressed by Shi Qiang's observation ability. "Da Shi, put out the cigarette, the smell of smoke here is strong enough." Chang Weisi said, looking down at the documents. Shi Qiang took the cigarette he had just lit and looked around. He couldn't find the ashtray, so he threw it into the teacup with a "squeak". He seized this opportunity to raise his hand to ask for a speech, and before Chang Weisi could make a statement, he said loudly: "Chief, I have a request, as I mentioned before - the information is equal!" General Chang Weisi raised his head, "There is no one Military operations are equal in information, and experts and scholars attending the meeting would like to ask for your understanding that we cannot give you more background information.¡± ¡°But we are different.¡± Shi Qiang said, ¡°The police were established from the combat center. We have been involved since the beginning, but until now, we don¡¯t even know what this agency does. Moreover, you are pushing the police out, you are getting familiar with our work step by step, and then driving us away one by one.¡± Several other police officers stopped Shi Qiang in low voices. Wang Miao was a little surprised that Shi Qiang dared to say such a thing to a chief at Chang Weisi's level, and the latter's counterattack was even sharper. "I'm talking about Da Shi. Now it seems that your old problems in the army have not changed. Can you represent the police? You have been suspended for several months because of your bad behavior, and you will soon be cleared from the police force. I transferred you because I value your experience in urban policing, and you should cherish this opportunity." Da Shi said in a rough voice, "Then I have committed a crime and made meritorious service? Don't you say that it is all crooked experience? ""But it's useful." Chang Weisi nodded to Shi Qiang. In Mandarin, "We can no longer use conventional thinking." The British colonel obviously understood Chinese, he nodded, "To be or not to be..." 2 "What did he say?" Shi Qiang asked Wang Miao . "Nothing." Wang Miao replied mechanically. These people seem to be talking in their dreams, during the war? Where is the war? He turned his head to look at the floor-to-ceiling windows in the hall, through which he could see the city outside the compound in the distance: under the spring sunshine, the streets were full of traffic; there were people walking their dogs on the lawn, and a few children were playing... Inside Which is more real, or the outside world? General Chang said: "Recently, the enemy's attacks have obviously intensified, and the target is still high-level scientific circles. Please read the list in the document first." The list was printed in a large number, and the list was obviously drafted hastily, with both Chinese and English names. "Professor Wang, what impression do you have when you see this list?" Chang Weisi looked at Wang Miao and asked. "I know three of them are well-known scholars at the forefront of physics." Wang Miao replied, a little absent-minded, his eyes locked on the last name. The above lines are different. How can I see her name here? What's up with her? "Know?" Da Shi asked, pointing at the name on the document with a thick smoky yellow finger. Seeing that Wang Miao didn't respond, he reacted quickly and said, "Oh, I don't know you well. Want to know?" Now, Wang Miao knew that it was reasonable for Chang Weisi to transfer his former soldier, this vulgar-looking guy , the eyes are like knives. He may not be a good cop, but he is a tough one. That was a year ago, and Wang Miao was in charge of the nano-component part of the "Zhonghua-2" high-energy accelerator project. That afternoon on the construction site in Liangxiang, during a short break, he was suddenly attracted by a composition in front of him. As a landscape photographer, realistic scenes often form artistic compositions in his eyes. The main body of the composition is the superconducting coil they are installing. The coil is three stories high and halfway through the installation. It looks like a monster composed of a huge metal block and a mess of ultra-low temperature refrigerant pipes, like a pile of giants from the industrial era. The rubbish shows an inhuman technological coldness and steely brutality. Just in front of the metal monster, a slender figure of a young woman appeared. The distribution of light in this composition is also excellent: the metal giant is submerged in the shadow of the temporary construction roof, revealing the cold and rough texture; and a beam of golden light from the setting sun, through the hole in the roof, just casts on the figure , the soft warm light shone on her smooth hair, and shone on the fair neck on the neckline of the overalls. It looked like a delicate flower bloomed on the huge metal ruins after a violent thunderstorm... 3 "Look Look, work!" Wang Miao was taken aback, and then found that the director of the Nano Research Center was not talking about him, but a young engineer, who was also staring blankly at the figure like himself. Wang Miao came back to reality from art, and found that the woman was not an ordinary worker, because the chief engineer was accompanying her, introducing something to her, with a very respectful look. "Who is she?" Wang Miao asked the director. "You should know her," said the director, drawing a large circle with his hand, "after the completion of this accelerator with an investment of 20 billion, the first operation may be to verify a superstring model she proposed. In the theoretical research circle, it was not her turn, but those old guys didn't dare to come first, for fear of embarrassment, so they let her take advantage of it." "What? Yang Dong is...a woman?!" "Yes, We only found out when we saw her the day before yesterday." The director said. The engineer asked: "Does she have some psychological barriers, or why has she never appeared in the media? Don't be like Qian Zhongshu, everyone didn't watch it on TV until death." But it¡¯s not like we don¡¯t know Qian Zhongshu¡¯s gender, right? I think she must have had some unusual experiences in her childhood, which led to her getting autism.¡± Wang Miao said, feeling somewhat sour grapes. Yang Dong and the chief engineer came over, she smiled and nodded to them as they passed by, without saying a word, but Wang Miao remembered her clear eyes. That night, Wang Miao was sitting in his study room, admiring some of his favorite landscape photos hanging on the wall. His eyes fell on a scene beyond the Great Wall¡ªa desolate valley with snow-capped mountains emerging from the end of the valley. A touch of whiteness; at this end of the valley, half of the vicissitudes of dead wood occupy almost one-third of the picture. In Wang Miao's imagination, he overprinted the figure that lingered in his mind onto the picture, making her look very small in the depths of the valley; at this moment, Wang Miao was surprised to find that the whole picture came to life, as if in the photo. Her world recognized that figure, as if all this existed for her. In turn, he superimposed that figure on several other works in his imagination, and sometimes used her eyes as the background of the empty sky in the photos. beautiful. In the past, Wang Miao always felt that his photographs lacked some kind of soul; now he knows that what is missing is her. "These physicists on the list committed suicide one after another in less than two months," Chang Weisi said. With a thunderbolt from the blue sky, Wang Miao's mind went blank. Later, images gradually appeared in this blank space, which were his black and white landscape photos. In the photos, the earth did not have her figure, the sky erased her eyes, and those worlds died. "Is... when?" Wang Miao asked blankly. "In less than two months." General Chang repeated. "You mean the last one." Da Shi, who was sitting next to Wang Miao, said triumphantly, and then lowered his voice, "She was the last suicide victim. She took an overdose of sleeping pills the night before yesterday. She died smoothly and without pain. In an instant, Wang Miao felt so grateful to Da Shi. "Why?" Wang Miao asked, the dead landscape paintings in those photos were still recurring in his mind like a magic lantern. Chang Weisi replied: "Now there is only one thing that is certain: the reason that prompted them to commit suicide is the same. But the reason itself is difficult to explain here, and it may not be clear at all to us non-professionals. You can take a closer look at some of their suicide notes after the meeting." Wang Miao flipped through the copies of the suicide notes, and they were all long-winded. "Dr. Ding Yi, can you show Professor Wang Yang Dong's suicide note? Hers is the shortest and most comprehensive." The envelope was passed to Wang Miao across the table, and Da Shi whispered next to him, "He is Yang Dong's boyfriend." Then Wang Miao remembered that he had also met Ding Yi at the high-energy accelerator construction site in Liangxiang. Member of the Physicist, best known for his discovery of macroatoms in the study of ball lightning [1]. Wang Miao took out a piece of something that exuded a delicate fragrance from the envelope. The shape was irregular. It was not paper, but a piece of birch bark. There was a line of beautiful words on it: Everything leads to such a result: physics has never existed , will not exist in the future. I know it's irresponsible for me to do this, but I have no choice. Without even signing, she left. "Physics...doesn't exist?" Wang Miao looked around blankly. General Chang closed the folder, "There is some relevant specific information related to the experimental results obtained after the completion of the three new high-energy accelerators in the world. It is very professional, and we will not discuss it here. The first thing we'll investigate is the 'Boundaries of Science' society. UNESCO designated 2005 as the World Year of Physics. This organization was gradually born during the frequent academic conferences and exchange activities of the international physics community in this year. It is a loose international academic organization. Dr. Ding, you are a theoretical physics major, can you further introduce its situation? Ding Yi nodded and said, "I don't have any direct connection with Frontiers of Science, but this organization is well-known in academia." Its tenet is: Since the second half of the last century, the simplicity and power of classical physics theories have gradually disappeared, theoretical images have become more and more complex, blurred and uncertain, and experimental verification has become more and more difficult. It seems that the frontier exploration of physics has encountered great obstacles and difficulties. "Boundary of Science" tries to open up a new way of thinking, simply put, it is trying to find out the limitations of science with scientific methods, and trying to determine whether there is a bottom line in the depth and precision of science's cognition of nature¡ªbelow the bottom line It cannot be entered by science. The development of modern physics seems to have vaguely touched this bottom line. " "very good. " Chang Weisi said, "As far as we know, most of these suicide scholars have had contact with 'Scientific Frontiers', and some are its members. But no crimes such as cult mind control or the use of illegal drugs were found. That is to say, even if the 'scientific boundary' has had an impact on those scholars, it is through legal channels of academic communication. Professor Wang, they have been in touch with you recently, and we would like to know something. Da Shi said gruffly, "Including the name of the contact person, the meeting place and time, the content of the conversation, if any written materials or e-mails have been exchanged..." "Da Shi! "Chang Weisi stopped him sharply. "If you don't say anything, no one will treat you as dumb!" A police officer next to him leaned over and whispered to Da Shi. The latter picked up the tea cup on the table, saw the cigarette butts inside, and put it down again with a "boom". Da Shi made Wang Miao feel like he had eaten it again. Feeling as uncomfortable as a fly, the trace of gratitude just now disappeared without a trace. But he still answered this question with restraint: "My contact with 'Science Frontier' began when I met Shen Yufei, a Chinese-Japanese physicist. My family, now working for a Japanese company, lives in this city. She used to work on nanomaterials at a Mitsubishi Electric lab, and we met at a technical seminar earlier this year. Through her, I met several physics majors, all of whom are members of 'Science Frontier', both at home and abroad. When interacting with them, we always talk about very... How should I put it, very ultimate issues, mainly the bottom line of science mentioned by Dr. Ding just now. " "I didn't have much interest in these questions at first, just as a pastime." I am engaged in applied research, and my level in this area is not high. I mainly listen to their discussions and arguments. These people have deep thoughts and novel viewpoints. I feel that communicating with them has broadened my mind a lot and gradually became more involved. But the topic of discussion is limited to this, and they are all pure theories, nothing special. They had invited me to join Frontiers of Science, but then attending such seminars would have become an obligation, and I declined due to limited energy. "Professor Wang, we hope that you will accept the invitation to join the 'Boundary of Science' society. This is also the main purpose of our invitation to you today." General Chang said, "We hope to get some internal information about this organization through your channel." " "Are you telling me to go undercover?" Wang Miao asked anxiously. "Wahhaha, undercover agent!" " Da Shi laughed out loud. Chang Weisi glanced at Da Shi reproachfully, and said to Wang Miao: "Just to provide some information, we have no other channels. Wang Miao shook her head, "I'm sorry, Chief. I can't do this. "Professor Wang, 'Science Frontiers' is an organization composed of top international scholars, and its investigation is an extremely complicated and sensitive matter, and we are really walking on thin ice." We hope you will understand this abrupt request as we cannot move forward without the help of the intellectual community. But we also respect your wishes, if you disagree, we can understand. " "I... I'm very busy with work and I don't have time. Wang Miao evaded. Chang Weisi nodded, "Okay, Professor Wang, then we won't waste your time anymore. Thank you for coming to this meeting." " Wang Miao was stunned for a few seconds before realizing that he should leave. When Chang Weisi politely sent Wang Miao to the door of the conference room, Da Shi said loudly from behind: "This is very good. I don't agree with this at all. plan. There are already so many nerds who have taken short-sightedness, isn't it 'meat buns beating dogs' to let him go? Wang Miao turned back and walked to Da Shi's side, trying to restrain her anger, "You really don't look like a qualified police officer when you speak like that." " "I wasn't in the first place." " "The reason why those scholars committed suicide has not been clarified yet. You shouldn't talk about them in such a contemptuous tone. Their contribution to human society with their own wisdom is irreplaceable by anyone. " "You mean they are better than me?" Da Shi looked up at Wang Miao from his chair, "I'm not going to commit suicide after listening to a few words from others." " "Then you mean I will?" "" You have to be responsible for your safety. Da Shi looked at Wang Miao, and showed his trademark smirk again. "In that situation, I am much safer than you. You should know that a person's ability to discern is directly proportional to his knowledge." "That's not necessarily true, someone like you..." "Da Shi, if you want to say one more thing, you should also get out from here!" "Chang Weisi sternly reprimanded. "It's okay, let him say," Wang Miao turned to General Chang, "I changed my mind and decided to join the 'Scientific Boundary' according to your intention." 2 "Very good," Da Shi nodded again and again, "Be smart when you go in, and you can do some things easily, such as glancing at their computers, remembering email addresses or URLs..." "Enough! enough! You misunderstood, I am not going undercover, I just want to prove your ignorance and stupidity! " "If you are still alive after a while, that will be proved of course." But I'm afraid... Hehe. Da Shi raised his head, and his smirk turned into a smirk. "Of course I will live forever, but I really don't want to see you again!" Chang Weisi sent Wang Miao down the stairs and arranged for a car to take him off. When saying goodbye, he said, "Shi Qiang has that kind of temper. In fact, he is a very experienced criminal policeman and anti-terrorism expert." More than twenty years ago, he was a soldier in my company. " Walking to the front of the car, Chang Weisi said again: "Professor Wang, you must have a lot of questions to ask. "What did what you just said have anything to do with the military?" " " Of course war has something to do with the military. Wang Miao looked at everything in the bright spring around him in bewilderment, "But where is the war?" Now there is no hotspot in the world, and it should be the most peaceful era in history. " Chang Weisi showed an inscrutable smile: "You will know everything soon, and everyone will know. Professor Wang, has there been any major change in your life? This sudden turn of events completely changes your life, and the world looks completely different to you overnight. " "No. "Then your life is a kind of accident. There are so many unpredictable factors in the world, but there are no accidents in your life." 1 Wang Miao thought for a long time and still didn't understand, "Most people are like this." "Then most people's life is accidental." "" But... so many generations have come here so plainly. " "It's all by chance." "Wang Miao shook her head and laughed, "I have to admit that my comprehension is too poor today. Don't you mean..." "Yes, the entire human history is also accidental. From the Stone Age to today, there have been no major changes. It's lucky. . But since it is lucky, there will always be an end; now I tell you, it is over, so prepare yourself mentally. 1 Wang Miao wanted to ask more questions, but the general shook hands with him and stopped him from asking further questions. After getting in the car, the driver asked for the address of Wang Miao's home. After Wang Miao told him, he asked casually, "Oh, pick me up." It's not you? I see the car is the same. " "It's not me, I'm going to pick up Dr. Ding." Wang Miao was moved, so he asked the driver where Ding Yi lived, and the driver told him. That night, he went to find Ding Yi.