Pushing open the door of Ding Yi's brand new three-bedroom apartment, Wang Miao smelled a smell of alcohol, and saw Ding Yi lying on the sofa with the TV on, but his eyes were looking at the ceiling. Wang Miao looked around, and saw that the room hadn't been decorated much, and there was no furniture or furnishings. The spacious living room looked empty, and the most conspicuous thing was a pool table in the corner of the living room. 1. Ding Yi did not express any dislike for Wang Miao's uninvited visit. He obviously wanted to talk to someone. "I bought this house three months ago," Ding Yi said, "Why did I buy the house? Could she really come into the family?" He shook his head with a drunken smile. "You..." Wang Miao wanted to know everything about Yang Dong's life, but he didn't know how to ask. "She is like a star, always so far away, and the light that shines on me is always cold." Ding Yi walked to the window and looked at the night sky, as if looking for the star that had passed away. Wang Miao also fell silent. It's strange, he just wants to hear her voice now, at the moment when the sun was setting a year ago, she didn't speak at the moment when she looked into his eyes, he had never heard her voice. Ding Yi waved his hand, as if to drive away something, to free himself from this sad thought. "Professor Wang, you are right, don't get involved with the military and the police, they are a bunch of self-righteous idiots. The suicides of those physicists have nothing to do with the 'boundary of science'. I explained it to them, but I can't explain it. Clear." "They seem to have done some investigations." "Yes, and this investigation is on a global scale, so they should also know that two of them have no contact with 'Science Frontier', including Yang Dong. "Ding Yi seemed very struggling to say the name. "Ding Yi, you know, I'm also involved in this matter now. So, I really want to know the reason why Yang Dong made this choice, and I think you must know something." Wang Miao said clumsily , trying to cover up his true feelings. "If you know, you will only get involved more deeply. Now you are only involved with people and things, and after you know, even your spirit will be involved, so you will be in big trouble." "I am engaged in applied research, and I am not as theoretical as you So sensitive." "Well, have you ever played billiards?" Ding Yi walked to the pool table. "I played casually a few times when I was in school." "She and I like to play very much, because it reminds us of particle collisions in accelerators." Ding Yi said, picking up two black and white balls, and putting the black ball by the hole, Put the white ball only about ten centimeters away from the black ball, and ask Wang Miao, "Can you hit the black ball in?" "Anyone can do it this close." "Try." , knocking the black ball into the hole. "Very well, come on, let's change the table." Ding Yi greeted the confused Wang Miao, and the two lifted the heavy table and moved it to a corner of the living room near the window. After it was stabilized, Ding Yi took out the black ball from the ball bag, put it on the side of the hole, picked up the white ball, and put it about ten centimeters away from the black ball again, "This time I can still hit the ball." Go in?" "Of course." "Let's hit." Wang Miao easily hit the black ball into the hole again. "Move." Ding Yi waved his hand, and the two lifted the ball table again and moved it to the third corner of the living room. Ding Yi placed the black and white balls in the same position again, "Let's play." "I said, We..." "Let's play." Wang Miao smiled helplessly and hit the black ball into the hole for the third time. They moved the pool table twice more, once to the corner of the living room near the door, and then back to where it was the last time. Ding Yi placed the black and white ball in front of the hole twice, and Wang Miao hit the black ball into the hole twice. At this time, both of them were sweating a little. "Okay, the experiment is over, let's analyze the results." Ding Yi lit a cigarette and said, "We conducted a total of five experiments, four of which were at different spatial locations and different times, and two at the same time. The space location is different but the time is different. Aren't you shocked by the result?" He opened his arms exaggeratedly, "Five times, the results of the impact test are all the same!" "What exactly are you trying to express?" Wang Miao asked panting. "Now you explain this unbelievable result, using the language of physics." "This...in the five experiments, the mass of the two balls did not change; the position, of course, is based on the ball table As far as the frame of reference is concerned, there is no change; the velocity vector of the white ball hitting the black ball basically does not change, so the momentum exchange between the two balls also does not change, so of course the black ball was hit into the hole in the five trials." Ding Yi picked up a bottle of brandy left on the floor, filled two dirty glasses respectively, and handed a glass to Wang Miao, who declined. "It should be celebrated. We have discovered a great law: the laws of physics are uniform in time and space. All the physical theories in human history, from Archimedes' principle to string theory, and all the sciences of human beings so far Discoveries and thought achievements are all by-products of this great law. Compared with us, Einstein and Hawking are really ordinary people who engage in application." 1 "I still don't understand what you want to express." "Imagine another result: The first time, the white ball knocked the black ball into the hole; the second time, the black ball went off course; the third time, the black ball flew up to the ceiling; Fly, and finally got into your pocket; the fifth time, the black ball flew out at a speed close to the speed of light, knocked a gap in the edge of the pool table, penetrated the wall, and then flew out of the earth and out of the solar system, just like Ah What do you think at this moment?" Ding Yi stared at Wang Miao, who was silent for a long time before asking: "This really happened, didn't it?" 11 Ding Yi held the two He poured down his glasses of wine and stared straight at the pool table, as if it was a devil, "Yes, it happened. In recent years, the experimental verification conditions for basic theoretical research have gradually matured, and there are three expensive billiard balls. tables' were built, one in North America, one in Europe, and, of course, you know, in Liangxiang, China, where your nanocenter makes a lot of money." "These high-energy accelerators The energy has increased by an order of magnitude, which has never been achieved by human beings. Under the new collision energy level, the same particle, the same impact energy, and all the experimental conditions are the same, but the results are different. Not only in different accelerators The results are different, and they are also different in the experiments of the same accelerator at different times. Physicists panicked and repeated this ultra-high-energy impact experiment under the same conditions again and again, but each time the results were different and irregular. " "What does this mean?" Wang Miao asked, seeing Ding Yi staring at him silently, he added, "Oh, I work in nanometers, and I also touch the microscopic structure of matter, but it is several levels shallower than yours. , please advise." "This means that the laws of physics are not uniform in time and space." "What does this mean?" "You should be able to deduce it further, the general has figured it out, he is really a Smart people." Wang Miao looked out of the window in thought, the sea of lights outside the city was brilliant, and the stars in the night sky were so submerged that they couldn't be seen. "This means that the universal physical laws of the universe do not exist, so physics...doesn't exist either." Wang Miao said, looking away from the window. "'I know it's irresponsible for me to do this, but I have no choice.'" Ding Yi continued, "This is the second half of her suicide note, you just said the first half by accident, now I can somewhat understand Let her." Wang Miao picked up the white ball he had hit five times from the pool table, stroked it for a while and put it down gently, "This is indeed a disaster for a frontier theory explorer." "In the field of theoretical physics If you want to achieve something, you need a religious persistence, which can easily lead people to the abyss." When leaving, Ding Yi gave Wang Miao an address. "If you are free, please go and see Yang Dong's mother. Yang Dong has been living with her, and her daughter is the whole of her life. She is alone now, very pitiful." Wang Miao said: "Ding Yi, you You obviously know more than I do, so can't you reveal a little more? Do you really believe that the laws of physics are uneven in time and space?" "I don't know anything..." Ding Yi and Wang Miao looked at each other for a long time, and finally said : "This is a question." Wang Miao knew that he was just following the words of the British colonel: To be or not to be, this is a question. 