Wang Miao dialed Ding Yi's phone number. After the other party answered, he realized that it was already past one o'clock in the morning. 2 "I'm Wang Miao, I'm really sorry to bother you so late." "It's okay, I'm having insomnia." "I... have encountered something, and I would like to ask you for your help. Do you know that there is an institution in China that observes the cosmic background radiation? ?¡± Wang Miao felt a desire to confide, but immediately felt that it was better not to let more people know about the ghost countdown. "Cosmic background radiation? Why do you have an interest in this? It seems that you really encountered something... Have you ever visited Yang Dong's mother?" 2 "Ah¡ªI'm sorry, I forgot." "It's okay , Now in the scientific world, many people are... as you said, they encountered some things and were absent-minded. But you'd better go and see her, she is old and unwilling to hire a nanny, if there is any trouble Please help me with this matter... Oh, about the cosmic background radiation, you can just ask Yang Dong's mother, she majored in astrophysics before she retired, and is very familiar with such research institutions in China." "Okay, I'll go after work today." "Thank you in advance, I really can't face everything related to Yang Dong anymore." After making the phone call, Wang Miao sat in front of the computer and began to print out the information displayed on the webpage. The very simple Morse code comparison table. At this moment, he had calmed down, moved his thoughts away from the countdown, and thought about "Boundary of Science" and Shen Yufei, and thought of the online games she played. About Shen Yufei, the only thing he can be sure of is that she is not a gamer. The only impression he has of this woman who speaks like a telegram is that she is cold. Her coldness is different from some other women. Mask, but cold from the inside out. Wang Miao always subconsciously associates her with the long-disappeared DOS operating system. There is an empty black screen, only a simple "C:>" prompt is flashing, and it will output whatever you input. Nothing, not a single word, and there will be no change. Now he knows that behind the "C:>" prompt is actually a bottomless abyss. She is really interested in playing games, and playing in a V suit? She has no children, so the V suit can only be bought by herself, which is a bit unbelievable. Wang Miao entered the easy-to-remember game URL: www.threebody.com in the address bar of the browser, and the web page showed that the game only supported the V-suit method. Wang Miao remembered that there seemed to be a set of V equipment in the staff recreation room of the Nano Center, so he walked out of the empty central experiment hall, went to the duty room to get the key, passed through a row of billiard tables and fitness equipment in the recreation room, and sat on a I found the V suit next to the computer, put on the induction suit after a lot of effort, put on the display helmet, and started the computer. 2 After starting the game, Wang Miao was in a wasteland at dawn. The wasteland was dark brown, and the details could not be seen clearly. There was a small piece of white dawn on the horizon in the distance, and the rest of the sky was full of stars. With a loud noise, two red mountain peaks fell to the distant land, and the whole wasteland was shrouded in red light. After the aroused dust that covered the sky and the sun dispersed, Wang Miao could clearly see the two big characters that towered above the sky: Three Body. Then a registration interface appeared. Wang Miao registered with the ID "Hairen" and successfully logged in. The wasteland was still there, but the compressor in the V-suit induction suit started hissing, and Wang Miao felt a chill. Ahead appeared two walking figures, black silhouettes against a background of dawn. Wang Miao chased after them, and he saw that both of them were men, wearing tattered robes and a piece of dirty animal skin, both carrying a broad and short sword like that of the Bronze Age. One carried a slender wooden box half his height. The man turned his head to look at Wang Miao. His face was as dirty and wrinkled as the animal skin, but his eyes were full of energy, reflecting the dawn light. "It's cold," he said. "Yes, it's really cold." Wang Miao agreed. "This is the Warring States Period, and I am King Wen of Zhou." The man said. "Isn't King Wen of Zhou from the Warring States Period?" Wang Miao asked. "He has lived until now, and so has King Zhou." Another person without a suitcase on his back said, "I am a follower of King Wen of Zhou, and my ID is 'Follower of King Wen of Zhou'. He is a genius." "My ID is 'Sea People'," Wang Miao said, "What is that on your back?" King Wen of Zhou put down the rectangular wooden box, and opened a facade like a door, revealing the five-story square inside. In the light of the morning sun, Wang Miao could see a small pile of fine sand between each floor, and in each floor there was a trickle of sand flowing down from the previous floor. "The hourglass leaks once every eight hours, and if it's turned upside down three times, it's a day. But I often forget to turn it upside down, and I have to rely on followers to remind me." Zhou Wenwang said. "You seem to be traveling a long distance. Is it necessary to carry such a heavy timer?" "Then how do you time it?" "It's so convenient to take a small sundial, or you can know the approximate time just by looking at the sun." King Wen of Zhou He and his followers looked at each other, and then stared at Wang Miao together as if he was an idiot, "The sun? How can you tell the time by looking at the sun? This is a chaotic era." Wang Miao was about to ask the meaning of this weird term, when the follower wailed: "It's so cold! Ah, I'm so cold!" Wang Miao also felt cold, but he couldn't take off the induction suit casually, under normal circumstances, doing so would cause his ID to be canceled by the game. He said: "When the sun comes out, it will be warmer." "Are you pretending to be a great prophet? Even King Wen of Zhou is not a prophet!" The followers shook their heads disdainfully at Wang Miao. "Does this require a prophet? Who can't see that the sun will rise in an hour or two." Wang Miao said, pointing to the sky. "This is Chaos!" said the follower. "What is a chaotic era?" "Except for the constant era, they are all chaotic eras." King Wen of Zhou said, as if answering a question from an ignorant child. Sure enough, the morning light in the sky began to dim, and soon disappeared, and the night covered everything again, and the sky was full of stars. "So it's dusk and not morning?" Wang Miao asked. "It's morning. The sun may not rise in the morning. This is a chaotic era." The cold made Wang Miao feel very uncomfortable. "Look at it, it will be a long time before the sun rises." He said tremblingly, pointing to the blurred horizon. "Why do you have such an idea again? That's not necessarily true. This is a chaotic era." The follower turned to King Wen of Zhou, "Ji Chang, give me some dried fish." "No!" King Wen of Zhou said decisively, "I'm barely full too. Make sure I can walk to Chaoge instead of you." While speaking, Wang Miao noticed another dawn appeared on the horizon in another direction. The direction in which to appear. The dawn quickly intensified, and after a while, the sun of this world rose. It was a small blue sun, much like the brightened moon, but it still made Wang Miao feel a bit of warmth, and he could clearly see the nature of the earth. detail. But the day was short, the sun set in a shallow arc above the horizon, and night and cold enveloped everything again. The three of them stopped in front of a dead tree. King Wen of Zhou and his followers pulled out their bronze swords to chop firewood. Wang Miao gathered the pieces of firewood together. The follower took out the scythe, crackled and crackled for a while, and a fire was raised. The front chest of Wang Miao's induction suit became warmer, but the back was still cold. "Burn some dehydrated people, and the fire will flourish." Followers said. "Shut up! That's what King Zhou did! In comparison, a few lives are nothing." "Nonsense! We are scholars!" After the bonfire was burnt out, the three of them continued on their way. Because there was little conversation between them, the system speeded up the passage of game time. King Wen of Zhou quickly turned the hourglass on his back six times. In the blink of an eye, two days passed without the sun rising even once There are no shadows. "It seems that the sun won't come out." Wang Miao said, and at the same time called up the game interface to check his HP, which was rapidly decreasing due to the cold. "You are pretending to be a great prophet again..." the follower said, and Wang Miao said the second half of the sentence together with him, "This is a chaotic era!" In a blink of an eye the sun rose. Wang Miao found that a big sun rose this time, and when it reached halfway, its diameter occupied at least one-fifth of the horizon in the field of vision. The warm current hit his face, making Wang Miao feel relaxed and happy, but when he looked at Zhou Wenwang and his followers, he found that they all looked terrified, as if the devil had descended. "Quickly, find a shady place!" The followers shouted, and Wang Miao ran to follow them, ran to a low rock and squatted down. The shadow of the rock is gradually shortening, the surrounding land is as dazzling as incandescent state, the permafrost under the feet melts rapidly, from as hard as iron to muddy, and the heat wave is billowing. Wang Miao soon began to sweat. When the big sun rose directly above their heads, the three of them covered their heads with animal skins, and the strong light still shot in from all the cracks and holes like sharp arrows. The three of them moved around the rock to the other side, hiding in the shadow that just appeared over there... After the sun set, the air was still extremely hot, and the three of them sat on the rock dripping with sweat. Traveling, walking in hell, I can't take it anymore; besides, I don't have anything to eat, you don't give me some dried fish, and you don't let me eat dehydrated people, alas¡ª" "Then you can only be dehydrated." Zhou Wen Wang said, fanning the wind with the animal skin with one hand. "After dehydration, you won't abandon me, right?" "Of course not, I promise to take you to Chaoge." The follower took off his sweat-soaked robe and lay naked on the mud floor. In the afterglow of the setting sun, Wang Miao saw that the sweat on the follower's body suddenly increased, and he quickly knew that it was not sweating, the water in the man's body was being completely drained, and the water formed several small lines on the sand. the stream, the whole body of the follower was softening and thinning like a melting candle... Ten minutes later, the water drained, and the body turned into a piece of human-shaped soft skin lying motionless on the muddy floor, and the facial features were all blurred Cleared up. "Is he dead?" Wang Miao asked. He remembered, along the way, he saw such human-shaped soft skins from time to time, some of which were damaged and incomplete. They were the dehydrated ones that the followers wanted to use to light the fire not long ago. "No." Zhou Wenwang said, picked up the follower's soft skin, patted the soil on it, put him (it) on the rock and rolled him (it), just like rolling a deflated rubber ball , "After soaking in water for a while, he will return to his original shape and come back to life, just like soaking dried mushrooms." "His bones have also softened?" "Yes, they have become dry fibers, so they are easy to carry." " Can everyone in this world be dehydrated?" "Of course, you can too, otherwise, you won't be able to survive in the Chaotic Era." King Wen of Zhou handed the rolled followers to Wang Miao, "Take him with you. It was either burned or eaten when it was thrown on the road." Wang Miao took the soft skin, a very light roll, and it didn't feel strange to hold it between her arms. Wang Miao carried the dehydrated follower between them, and Zhou Wenwang carried the hourglass on his back, and the two continued their difficult journey. As in the previous few days, the sun in this world moves completely erratically, and after several long cold nights, there may be a sudden hot day, or vice versa. The two depended on each other, resisting the severe cold by the campfire and soaking in the lake to survive the extreme heat. Fortunately, the game time can be accelerated, and a month can be completed in half an hour, which makes the journey of Chaos Era bearable. On this day, the long night had lasted for nearly a week (according to the hourglass), King Zhou Wen suddenly pointed to the night sky and cheered: "Flying stars! Flying stars! Two flying stars!!" It is a strange celestial body, it is bigger than a star, it can show the shape of a disc the size of a ping-pong ball, and it moves very fast. The naked eye can clearly see it moving in the starry sky, but this time there are two. Zhou Wenwang explained: "Two flying stars appear, and the constant era is about to begin!" "I have seen it before." "There is only one." "Is there only two at most?" "No, sometimes there are three, But there won¡¯t be any more.¡± ¡°Does the appearance of three flying stars herald a better era?¡± King Wen of Zhou gave Wang Miao a look full of fear, ¡°What are you talking about, three flying stars¡­ ... Pray that it doesn¡¯t appear.¡± King Wen of Zhou¡¯s words were correct, the constant era they longed for soon began, the sun¡¯s rising and setting began to become regular, and a day and night gradually fixed at about eighteen hours, and day and night regularly alternated. The weather has gotten a little warmer. "How long can the Constant Era last?" Wang Miao asked. "A day or a century, no one can tell how long each time is." Zhou Wenwang sat on the hourglass and looked up at the noon sun. Blessed are those who were born in that era." "How long will the chaotic era last?" "Didn't I say that, except for the constant era, both are chaotic eras, and the two are gaps between each other." "That is to say , This is a chaotic world with no laws?!" "Yes, civilization can only develop in a long constant epoch with a warm climate. Most of the time, human beings are collectively dehydrated and stored. When it comes, collectively immerse in resurrection, production and construction." "Then how to predict the time and length of the arrival of each constant era?" "It can't be done, it has never been done before. King Yu's intuition is often: Soaking revives, crops are planted, towns begin to be built, life has just begun, and the Heng Era is over, and the severe cold and heat will destroy everything." Zhou Wenwang pointed to Wang Miao with one hand. , his eyes became bright, "Okay, you already know the goal of this game: to use our intelligence and understanding to analyze and study various phenomena, and to master the laws of the sun's movement. The survival of civilization depends on this." "In my opinion, the movement of the sun has no laws at all." "That's because you failed to realize the origin of the world." "Have you realized it?" "Yes, this is the purpose of my going to Chaoge, and I will Present an accurate perpetual calendar to King Zhou." "But along the way, I haven't seen you have this ability." "The prediction of the sun's movement can only be made in Chaoge, because there is the meeting point of yin and yang. Only the hexagrams taken there are accurate." The two trekked through the harsh Chaos Era for a long time, during which they experienced a short Heng Era, and finally arrived at Chaoge. Wang Miao heard an uninterrupted thunderous roar. This sound was made by many strange things on the land of Chaoge. They were huge pendulums, each tens of meters high. The pendulums of the pendulums are boulders suspended from a bridge between two tall slender stone towers by a large bundle of ropes. Every simple pendulum is swinging. They were driven by groups of soldiers in armor. They chanted strangely and pulled the rope tied to the boulder's pendulum with all their strength to keep it swinging. Wang Miao found that all the swings of the giant pendulums were synchronized. From a distance, this scene was so weird and fascinating, like moving clocks erected on the ground, and like many huge, abstract symbols falling from the sky. Surrounded by the giant pendulum, there is a huge pyramid, like a towering black mountain in the night, this is the palace of King Zhou. Wang Miao followed King Wen of Zhou into a low-rise door on the base of the pyramid, and several soldiers guarding the door wandered silently like ghosts in the darkness. They walked down a long tunnel, narrow and dark, with only one torch at a distance. "During the Chaotic Era, the whole country was dehydrated, but King Zhou was always awake, accompanying this lifeless land. If you want to survive in the Chaotic Era, you have to live in this kind of building with extremely thick walls, almost like living In the ground, you can avoid the severe cold and heat." King Wen of Zhou explained to Wang Miao as he walked. After walking a long way, I entered King Zhou's main hall located in the center of the pyramid. In fact, it is not very big, it looks like a cave. The person wearing a large flowered animal skin and sitting on a high platform is obviously King Zhou, but the first thing that caught Wang Miao's attention was a man in black. His black clothes almost blended with the heavy shadows in the hall , that pale face seemed to be floating in the void. "This is Fuxi." King Zhou introduced the man in black to King Wen of Zhou and Wang Miao who had just entered, as if they had been there all along, and the man in black was a newcomer. "He thought that the sun was grumpy. When he is awake, he is moody and angry, which is chaotic era; when he is asleep, he breathes evenly, which is constant era. Fu Yi suggested erecting those big pendulums outside, swinging day and night, claiming that it has a strong influence on the sun god The hypnotic effect can make it fall into a long slumber. But until now, we see that the sun god is still awake, at most he just dozes from time to time." King Zhou waved his hand, and someone brought a clay pot and put it in Fuyi. On the small stone platform in front of him¡ªWang Miao found out later that it was a jar of seasoning. Fu Yi let out a long sigh, picked up the earthen pot and drank it, the gurgling sound seemed to be a huge heart beating deep in the darkness. After drinking half of it, he poured the rest of the seasoning on himself, then threw down the clay pot, walked to a big bronze cauldron on fire in the corner of the hall, and climbed up the edge of the cauldron; A big cloud of steam. "Sit down, Ji Chang, the banquet will start soon." King Zhou pointed to the big cauldron and said. "Stupid sorcery." Zhou Wenchao's cauldron tilted his head and said contemptuously. "What did you realize about the sun?" King Zhou asked, the firelight dancing in his eyes. "The sun is not a great god. The sun is yang, and the night is yin. The world revolves in a balance of yin and yang. This is not under our control, but it can be predicted." King Zhou Wen said, drawing out his bronze sword, and placed it on the floor illuminated by the torch. Draw a pair of big yin-yang fishes on it, and then draw sixty-four hexagrams around it at a dizzying speed, which looks like big annual rings appearing and disappearing in the firelight, "My lord, this is the code of the universe." , with the help of it, I will present an accurate perpetual calendar for your dynasty." "Ji Chang, what I urgently need to know now is when the next Changheng Era will come." "I will immediately divination for you." Zhou Wen As Wang said, he walked to the center of the yin-yang fish and sat down cross-legged. He looked up at the top of the hall, his eyes seemed to see the starry sky through the thick pyramid, and his hands and fingers were performing complex movements at the same time, forming a high-speed operation. calculator. In the silence, only the soup in the cauldron made a gurgling sound, as if the wizard cooking in the soup was talking in his sleep. King Wen of Zhou stood up from the yin and yang diagram, with his head still up, and said: "The following will be a period of forty-one chaotic eras, and then there will be a five-day period of constant era, followed by a period of twenty-three days. The era and the eighteen-day constant era, and then the eight-day chaotic era, when the chaotic era is over, my lord, the Changheng era that you are looking forward to will come. This constant era will last for three years and nine years Month, during which the climate is warm, is a golden age." "We first need to confirm your previous prediction." King Zhou said calmly. Wang Miao heard a rumbling sound from above, and a stone slab on the top of the hall slid away, revealing a square hole. Wang Miao adjusted the direction and saw that this square hole led to the outside of the pyramid. At the end, Wang Miao saw several twinkling stars. The game time sped up, and the hourglass brought by King Wen of Zhou, guarded by two soldiers, flipped every few seconds to mark the passage of eight hours. The window above flickered irregularly, and from time to time a beam of chaotic era sunlight shot into the hall, sometimes it was very faint, like moonlight; Wang Miao counted the number of times the hourglass was flipped, and when it reached about 120 times, the intervals between the sunlight falling into the window became regular, and the predicted first constant epoch came. After the hourglass flipped fifteen more times, the flickering of the window became disordered again, and the chaotic era began again. Then came the Constant Era, and then the Chaotic Era. Although there were some small errors in their start and duration, they were quite consistent with Zhou Wenwang's prediction. When the last eight-day chaotic era ended, the eternal era he predicted began. Wang Miao counted the flips of the hourglass. Twenty days had passed, and the sunlight entering the hall still followed a precise rhythm. At this time, the lapse of game time is adjusted to normal. King Zhou nodded to King Wen of Zhou: "Ji Chang, I will erect a monument for you, which will be taller than this palace." King Wen of Zhou bowed deeply: "My lord, let your dynasty wake up. Prosper!" King Zhou stood up on the stone platform, opened his arms, as if to embrace the whole world, and shouted in a strange singing tone: "Soak¡ª" Hearing this order, everyone in the hall ran away To the cave door. At the direction of King Wen of Zhou, Wang Miao followed him along the long tunnel to the outside of the pyramid. Walking out of the cave, Wang Miao saw that it was noon, the sun was shining quietly in the sky, and the breeze was blowing, and he seemed to smell the breath of spring. King Zhou Wen and Wang Miao came to a lake not far from the pyramid. The ice on the lake had melted, and the sunlight was beating among the microwaves. A group of soldiers who came out first shouted: "Soak! Soak!" They all rushed to a tall stone building shaped like a barn by the lake. On the way here, Wang Miao saw this kind of building in the distance from time to time. Zhou Wenwang told him that it was a "dry warehouse", a large warehouse for storing dehydrated people. The soldiers opened the stone door of the dry warehouse and took out rolls of dusty leather rolls. Each of them carried several leather rolls in their arms, walked to the lake, and threw those rolls into the lake. As soon as those skin rolls touched the water, they stretched out immediately, and for a while, a thin human figure that seemed to be cut out floated on the lake. Each "human piece" is rapidly absorbing water and swelling, and gradually, the "human pieces" on the lake surface have turned into round flesh, and these fleshy bodies soon showed signs of life, one by one struggling from the waist-deep Stand up in the lake. They looked at this sunny world with wide open eyes like waking up from a dream. "Soak!" A person shouted, and immediately a crowd of cheers came: "Soak! Soak!!"... These people ran ashore from the lake, ran to the dry warehouse naked, and put more skin rolls into the dry warehouse. In the lake, groups of resurrected people ran out of the lake. This scene also takes place in lakes and ponds farther afield, and the whole world comes to life. "Oh, my God! My finger¡ª" Wang Miao followed the voice and saw a newly revived person standing in the lake and crying while holding up a hand. Finger dripping into the lake. The other resurrected ones flocked past him, running happily to the shore of the lake, and no one paid him any attention. "Okay, you can be content!" said a resurrected person who passed by, "Some people have lost their entire arms and legs, and some people have had a hole in their head. If we don't soak it, we are afraid that we will all be gnawed by the rats of the chaotic era." Light!" "How long have we been dehydrated?" another resurrected asked. "Just look at how thick the sand and dust accumulated on the king's palace. I just heard that the current king is no longer the king before dehydration. I don't know if it is his son or grandson." The soaking lasted for eight days before it was completely over. At this time All dehydrated people have been resurrected, and the world has been born again. During these eight days, people enjoy the sunrise and sunset of 20 hours a day with accurate cycle. Bathed in the breath of spring, everyone sincerely praised the sun and the gods in charge of the universe. On the night of the eighth day, the bonfires on the earth are denser than the stars in the sky, and the deserted towns in the long chaotic era are full of lights and noise, just like the countless soaks before civilization, everyone will revel all night and welcome the sunrise new life after. But the sun never rose again. Various timers indicated that the time for sunrise had passed, but the horizon was still dark in every direction. Another ten hours passed without a shadow of the sun, not even the faintest gleam of morning light. One day passed, and the endless night continued; two days passed, and the cold pressed down on the earth like a giant palm in the dark night. "Please believe me, Your Majesty, this is only temporary. I see the sun gathering in the universe. The sun is about to rise. The constant era and spring will continue!" Under the stone platform begged. "Let's burn the cauldron." King Zhou said with a sigh. "Your Majesty! Your Majesty!" A minister stumbled in from the cave and shouted in a crying voice, "There are three flying stars in the sky!!" Everyone in the hall was stunned, and the air seemed to freeze. Only King Zhou remained calm. He turned to Wang Miao, who had been scornful of him before, "You still don't know what the appearance of three flying stars means? Ji Chang, tell him." Powder." King Wen of Zhou sighed and said. "Dehydration¡ª" King Zhou shouted again in that singing voice. In fact, on the land outside, people have already started to dehydrate one after another, and turned into human stems again to spend the long night. The lucky ones among them were moved back into dry warehouses, and a large number of human stems were discarded in the wilderness. King Wen of Zhou stood up slowly and walked towards the big bronze cauldron on the fire. He climbed up the edge of the cauldron and paused for a few seconds before jumping in. Perhaps he saw Fuxi's overcooked face slapping him lightly in the soup. laugh. "Use a slow fire." King Zhou said weakly, and then turned to the others, "Exit the one who should exit, the game is no fun here." 3 A red lighted EXIT sign appeared above the cave door, and people flocked. go there. Wang Miao also followed, passing through the cave gate and the long tunnel to the outside of the pyramid, seeing heavy snow falling in the dark night, and the biting cold made him shiver. A corner of the sky shows that the game time has sped up again. Ten days later, the snow was still falling, but the flakes were large and thick, like congealed darkness. Someone whispered in Wang Miao's ear, "This is carbon dioxide dry ice." Wang Miao turned around and saw that it was a follower of King Wen of Zhou. Ten days later, the snow was still falling, but the snowflakes had become thin and transparent, showing a detached light blue in the twilight of the torches shining through the entrance of the pyramid, like countless flying mica flakes. "The snowflakes are already solidified oxygen and nitrogen, and the atmosphere is disappearing in absolute zero." The pyramid was buried by snow, the bottom layer was snow of water, the middle layer was snow of dry ice, and the upper layer was snow of solid oxygen and nitrogen. The night sky became very clear, and the stars were like a silver flame. A line of words appeared on the background of the starry sky: This night lasted for forty-eight years, civilization No. 137 was destroyed in the severe cold, and this civilization evolved to the Warring States level. The seeds of civilization are still there, and it will restart and start the unpredictable evolution in Trisolaran again. You are welcome to log in again. Before exiting, the last thing Wang Miao noticed were three flying stars in the night sky. They were very close to each other and surrounded each other, dancing some kind of weird dance in the abyss of space.