After Wang Miao took off the V suit, she found that her underwear was soaked in cold sweat, as if she had woken up from a cold nightmare. He walked out of the nanometer center, went downstairs to drive, and went to Yang Dong's mother's house at the address given by Ding Yi. Chaotic era, chaotic era, chaotic era... This concept lingered in Wang Miao's mind. Why is the sun running irregularly in that world? A planet of a star, no matter whether its orbit is a perfect circle or an elongated ellipse, its movement around the star must be periodic, and it is impossible to run without any rules...Wang Miao was suddenly annoyed with himself, he tried hard He shook his head and tried to get rid of all this in his mind, it was just a game, but he failed. Chaotic era, chaotic era, chaotic era...Damn it! Don't think about it! ! Why do you have to think about it? Why? ! Soon, Wang Miao found the answer. He has not played video games for many years, and the software and hardware technology of video games has obviously improved a lot over the years, and the virtual reality scenes and additional effects in them are unmatched by his student days. But Wang Miao understands that the reality of "Three-Body Problem" does not lie in this. I remember that in an information class in my junior year, the professor hung up two large pictures, one was a picture of "Surfing the River at Qingming Festival", and the other was a picture of an empty sky, with only a wisp of light on the empty blue sky. White clouds that seem to exist and seem to exist. The professor asked which of the two paintings contained the greater amount of information, and the answer was that the latter was one to two orders of magnitude larger than the former! "The Three-Body Problem" is exactly like this. Its massive information is hidden in the depths. Wang Miao can feel it, but can't explain it clearly. He suddenly realized that the unusual thing about "Three-Body Problem" is that compared with other games, its designers did the opposite - the designers of general games try to increase the amount of information displayed as much as possible. However, the designers of "Three-Body Problem" tried their best to compress the amount of information to hide a certain huge reality, just like the photo of the seemingly empty sky. Wang Miao let go of the reins of his mind and let him return to the world of "Three-Body Problem". flying star! The key lies in the unobtrusive flying stars, one flying star, two flying stars, three flying stars... What do these mean? Just as he was thinking, the car had already driven to the gate of the community he was going to. At the door of the building she was going to, Wang Miao saw a thin, gray-haired woman in her sixties, wearing glasses, struggling up the stairs with a large vegetable basket. He guessed that she was probably the person he was looking for, and when he asked, she was indeed Yang Dong's mother, Ye Wenjie. After listening to Wang Miao's explanation of her intentions, she was moved from the bottom of her heart. She is the kind of old intellectual that Wang Miao often sees. . Wang Miao took the vegetable basket and went upstairs with her. When he walked into her house, he found that the place was not as deserted as he had imagined¡ªthree children were playing, the oldest was no more than five years old, and the youngest was just walking. Yang's mother told Wang Miao that these were neighbor's children. "They like to play with me. Today is Sunday, and their parents have to work overtime, so they left them to me... Oh, Nan Nan, have you finished your painting? Well, it's so beautiful, let's start a topic Little duck under the sun, okay, grandma will write it for you, and then write June 9th, Nan Nan... What do you all want to eat at noon? Yangyang? Roasted eggplant? Good; Nannan? What you ate yesterday Snow peas? Okay; how about you, Mimi? Meat? No, your mother said, don¡¯t eat so much meat, it¡¯s not easy to digest, how about fish? Look at the big fish that grandma bought..." She definitely wanted a grandson or granddaughter, but even if Yang Dong lived, would she have children? Watching the conversation between Yang's mother and the children, Wang Miao thought. Mother Yang carried the basket into the kitchen, and when she came out, she said to Wang Miao: "Xiao Wang, I'll soak the vegetables first. There are a lot of pesticide residues in the vegetables now, and they need to be soaked for at least two hours for the children...you can first Go to Dongdong's room and have a look." Yang's last seemingly unintentional suggestion made Wang Miao nervous and uneasy, and she clearly saw the real purpose of Wang Miao's trip deep in her heart. After she finished speaking, she turned and went back to the kitchen without looking at Wang Miao, so naturally she couldn't see his embarrassment. Her almost seamless understanding moved Wang Miao for a while. Wang Miao turned around and walked through the happy children to the room that Yang's mother pointed to just now. He stopped in front of the door, suddenly overwhelmed by a strange feeling, as if returning to the time when he was young and dreamy, some crystal clear and fragile feelings like morning dewdrops emerged from the depths of his memory, which contained the original Sad and stinging, but all rosy. Wang Miao gently pushed the door open, and the faint breath that came to him was something he didn't expect, it was the breath of the forest, as if he had entered a forest ranger's hut. The walls are covered with strips of brown bark, the three stools are quaint tree stumps, the writing desk is also made of three larger tree stumps, and the bed is obviously covered with Northeast Ulagrass. It's all rough and casual, without trying to be aesthetically pleasing. With Yang Dong's position, her income is very high, and she can buy a house in any high-end community, but she has always lived here with her mother. Wang Miao walked to the tree stump writing desk. The furnishings on it were very simple, with nothing related to academics or women; maybe they have been taken away, or maybe they never existed here. He first noticed a black and white photo inlaid in a wooden mirror frame, which was a group photo of Yang Dong's mother and daughter. In the photo, Yang Dong was in his infancy, and his mother squatted down at exactly the same height as her. The wind was so strong that it blew their hair together. The background of the photo is very strange, the sky is grid-like, Wang Miao carefully inspected the thick steel structure supporting the network, and deduced that it was a parabolic antenna or something similar, because its edge was beyond the lens due to its huge size. In the photo, Xiao Yangdong's big eyes reveal a kind of fear that makes Wang Miao's heart tremble, as if the world outside the photo frightens her. The second thing Wang Miao noticed was a thick and large book placed in the corner of the desk. What confused him first was the material of the book. He saw a line of childish words on the cover: "Yang Dong's hu¨¤ ( Birch bark." Only then did I realize that the book was made of birch bark, and time had turned the silver-white birch bark into a dull yellow. He reached out to touch the notebook, hesitated for a moment and retracted. "Look, it's Dongdong's childhood painting." Mother Yang said at the door. Wang Miao picked up the birch bark book and gently flipped through the pages. Each painting was dated, apparently by the mother for her daughter, as he had seen it when he first walked in. Wang Miao discovered another thing that was somewhat incomprehensible to him: Judging from the date on the painting, Yang Dong was already over three years old at this time, and children of this age can usually draw relatively distinct shapes of people or objects But Yang Dong's paintings are still just random and chaotic lines. Wang Miao can see a kind of strong anger and despair in them, a kind of anger and despair that wants to express something but can't do anything. What ordinary kids don't have. Mother Yang slowly sat down on the edge of the bed, staring absently at the birch bark book in Wang Miao's hand. It was here that her daughter ended her life in a peaceful sleep. Wang Miao sat down beside Yang's mother. He had never had such a strong desire to share the pain with others. Mother Yang took the birch bark book from Wang Miao's hand, hugged it to her chest, and said softly, "I don't know the depth of Dongdong's education, and I let her get in touch with things that are too abstract and too ultimate. When she first The first time I showed interest in those abstract theories, I told her that it was difficult for women to enter that world. Didn¡¯t she say that Madame Curie entered? I told her that Madame Curie did not enter at all, her success was only It stems from hard work and persistence. Without her, others would have completed those tasks. Women like Wu Jianxiong[3] have gone further than her, but it is really not a woman¡¯s world. Women¡¯s way of thinking is different from men¡¯s , There is no distinction between high and low, it is indispensable to the world." "Dongdong didn't refute me. Later, I really found out that she has some special things, such as telling her a formula, don't Her child would say things like 'this formula is so clever', and she would say it was beautiful and beautiful, and she would look like she saw a beautiful wild flower. Her father left a bunch of records, and she After listening to it, I finally chose a piece of Bach to listen to repeatedly. It is the music that is least likely to fascinate children, especially girls. At first I thought she did it randomly, but when I asked her how she felt, the child said : She saw a giant building a big and complicated house on the ground, the giant built it bit by bit, and the big house was finished after the music was over..." "Your education for your daughter is really successful." Wang Miao Said with emotion. "No, it's a failure! Her world is too simple, and there are only those ethereal theories. Once those things collapse, there is nothing to support her to live." "Ms. Ye, I don't think it's right for you to think so, now that it happened Something unimaginable to us, this is an unprecedented theoretical disaster, and she is not the only scientist who made this choice." "But she is the only woman, women should be like water, any place can be It can flow through." When he was leaving, Wang Miao thought of another purpose of his visit, so he told Yang's mother about observing the cosmic background radiation. "Oh, this, there are two places in China that are doing it. One is at the Urumqi Observation Base, which seems to be a project of the Space Environment Observation Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences; Made by the Astrophysics Center. The previous one is for actual ground observation, and the one in Beijing only receives satellite data, but the data is more accurate and comprehensive. There is one of my students there, let me help you get in touch.¡± Mother Yang said, looking for phone number, and calling that student, seemed to go well. "No problem, I'll give you an address, you can go directly. His name is Sha Ruishan, and he happens to be on the night shift tomorrow... You don't seem to be in this profession, do you?" Mother Yang put down the phone and asked. "I engage in nano, I do it for...some other things." Wang Miao was afraid that Mother Yang would press her further, but she didn't. "Xiao Wang, why do you look so bad? You seem to be weak." Mother Yang asked with concern. "It's nothing, that's it." Wang Miao said vaguely. "Wait a minute," Yang's mother took out a small wooden box from the cabinet, and Wang Miao saw that it was marked as ginseng, "An old soldier who was at the base came to see me two days ago and brought this... no, no , you take it, it¡¯s artificially planted, it¡¯s not a precious thing, I have high blood pressure, and I don¡¯t need it at all. You can cut it into thin slices and make tea. I can see your face, as if the blood is bleeding. Young man, you must Take care of yourself." A warm current surged in Wang Miao's heart, his eyes became moist, and his heart, which had been tense for two days, seemed to be placed on soft velvet. "Ms. Ye, I will visit you often." He took the wooden box and said.