Wang Miao drove along Jingmi Road to Miyun County, then turned to Heilongtan, walked a section of winding mountain road, and arrived at the radio astronomy observation base of the National Astronomical Observation Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. He saw twenty-eight parabolic antennas with a diameter of nine meters lined up in the twilight, like a row of spectacular steel plants. Two tall 50-meter-diameter radio telescope antennas built in 2006 stood in this row At the end of the rice antenna, when the car approached, they reminded Wang Miao of the background of the photo of Yang Dong's mother and daughter. However, the projects undertaken by Ye Wenjie¡¯s students have nothing to do with these radio telescopes. Dr. Sha Ruishan¡¯s laboratory mainly receives the observation data of three satellites: the microwave background detection satellite COBE launched in November 1989, which is about to be eliminated, and launched in 2001 The Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe satellite WMAP and the Planck high-precision cosmic microwave background probe Planck launched by the European Space Agency in 2009. The microwave background radiation spectrum of the universe as a whole is very precisely in line with the blackbody radiation spectrum with a temperature of 2.726K, which is highly isotropic, but there are fluctuations of about 5 parts per million in different parts. Sha Ruishan's job is to redraw a more accurate map of the microwave radiation background of the entire universe based on satellite observation data. This laboratory is not big, and the main computer room is full of satellite data receiving equipment, and there are three terminals that display data from three satellites respectively. When Sha Ruishan saw Wang Miao, he immediately showed the enthusiasm of a person who has worked in a lonely place for a long time when he sees a visitor, and asked him what observation data he would like to know. "I want to observe the overall fluctuation of the cosmic background radiation." "Can you... be more specific?" Sha Ruishan looked at Wang Miao with strange eyes. "That is, the overall isotropic fluctuation of the cosmic 3K microwave background radiation has an amplitude between 1% and 5%." Sha Ruishan smiled. As early as the beginning of this century, the Miyun Radio Astronomy Base Visitors are open to visit, and in order to earn some extra money, Sha Ruishan often acts as a tour guide or gives lectures. This kind of smile is what he often shows when answering questions from tourists (he has adapted to those appalling scientific illiteracy). "Mr. Wang, you...are not engaged in this major?" 1 "I am engaged in nanomaterials." "Oh, that's right. However, you probably know something about the cosmic 3K background radiation?" "Yes." Not much. The current theory of the origin of the universe holds that the universe was born in a big bang about 14 billion years ago. In the early days of the universe, the temperature was extremely high, and then it began to cool, forming a 'microwave background radiation' Embers'. This kind of residual background radiation that pervades the entire universe can be observed in the centimeter band. It seems that in 1960s, two Americans accidentally discovered The cosmic background radiation..." "Enough," Sha Ruishan interrupted Wang Miao's words with a wave of his hand, "then you should know that, unlike the small inhomogeneities in different parts we observe, the overall radiation background fluctuations of the universe are The expansion of the universe changes slowly on the time scale of the universe. With the precision of the Planck satellite, it may not be possible to measure this change until a million years later, but you want to find its 5% fluctuation tonight?! Know Does this mean anything? It means that the whole universe is flickering like a broken fluorescent tube!" And it was flickering for me, Wang Miao thought to himself. "Ms. Ye, are you kidding me?" Sha Ruishan shook his head and said. "I hope it's really a joke." Wang Miao said. He wanted to tell him that Ye Wenjie didn't know the details, but he was afraid that it would cause him to reject him, but this was what he meant. "Since Mr. Ye told you, let's observe it. It's not too much trouble anyway. You can use an old COBE with an accuracy of one percent." Sha Ruishan said, busy on the terminal, and soon a flat message appeared on the screen. Straight green line, "Look, this is the current real-time numerical curve of the overall background radiation of the universe. Dropped. If there is a fluctuation of more than one percent of the amplitude you said, the line will turn red and the fluctuation will be displayed. I bet it will also be a green line until the end of the world. To see it manifest with the naked eye It may take longer to get the changes than watching the sun destroy.¡± ¡°Will it affect your normal work?¡± ¡°Of course not, with such a rough precision, it is enough to use COBE to observe the leftovers of the data. Well, from now on, if that great fluctuation occurs, the value will be automatically saved." "Maybe until one o'clock in the morning." "Wow, so accurate? It doesn't matter, I'm on the night shift anyway. Have you eaten yet? That's good , let me show you around." It was a moonless night, and they strolled along the long antenna array. Sha Ruishan pointed to the antenna and said: "Isn't it spectacular? It's a pity that they are all deaf ears." "Why?" "Since they were built, there has been constant interference in the observation frequency band, first the paging stations in the late 1980s, and now It is the crazy development of mobile communications. Most of the projects that these meter-wave synthetic aperture radio telescopes can do, such as meter-wave surveys, radio variable sources, supernova relic research, etc., cannot be carried out normally. National Radio Regulatory Commission), useless, we can play China Mobile, Unicom, Netcom? No money, the mysteries of the universe count! Fortunately, my project relies on satellite data and has nothing to do with these 'tourist landscapes'." " In recent years, the commercial operation of many basic researches has been very successful, such as high-energy physics. Wouldn¡¯t it be better to build the observation base farther away from the city?¡± ¡°That¡¯s still a question of money. Block out distractions on the Internet. Well, it would be nice if Teacher Ye was here, she is very knowledgeable in this area.¡± Then, they came to an all-night bar for tourists. Sha Ruishan became more talkative as he downed glass after glass of beer. The topic focused on Ye Wenjie. From her students, Wang Miao learned about her troubled first half of her life.